hi my name is Emma I'm do it and I'm
Noah today we're going to be doing the
inside-out face the impression challenge
which is where you paint your face
making yourself look like one of these
inside-out characters and mine is anger
nose just discussed and it as a sadness
so yeah we're gonna paint our faces and
do our best impressions we're doing this
in celebration of the new movie inside
out that is coming out on June 19th and
we're definitely gonna see it because
it's awesome I'm gonna do it okay
so we're gonna do our best cost our best
cosplay of the character that we have
chosen
I chose sadness I chose anger disgust
and we're gonna cosplay as them with all
the accessories and stuff and and then
we're gonna do an impression of the
character that we chose and you guys are
gonna have to vote on who wins so let's
get started looks like he's done first
Jonah that stuff doesn't work where I
get on the eyelids that's why I gave you
a shot
okay beautiful oh I never removed the
plastic whoops where is my serious I
didn't notice it so that's that's why I
wasn't getting any white on the brush
just about to say how that man notice
there was plastic on it
I feel like I should be saying when I'm
doing but yeah I know I was thinking
about whatever I put on my eyeshadow now
I'm just gonna cut it with some eye
shadow showing up dripping it's that bad
you got too much water dripping daddy
can you go get know some key lipstick um
get on my stallion with a Beauty Supply
stuff painting my face red what else is
there to say other than that the movie
is great I love the movies awesome
yep just don't when you downwards and
sadness is my favorite character because
she's awesome and funny and that their
favorite character was Bing bong where
is he I shot what's this
wait what is this again well you get a
brush which is peach home secondly drive
away I don't think you are super not
solid what do I do
is that yeah what am i doing fix that no
the circle ish circles and I've no
dollars before and then I get it
haven't you watched in his mouth I
hadn't cut up I'm pretty
okay use the but lights on your foot
please all good you guys can't judge on
color of skin because you need to know
the right blue unless mo you want to mix
it with Ellen why would you judge me on
it's more of a greenish being cordial if
you wouldn't jump up judge on the skin
tone what would you bring it into the
light well it won't happen
don't judge me on the colors it's me I
know but you need to wear some red
lipstick looks good in blue lipstick hey
but we don't do we have her is it kind
of hard to get the right color this bait
is non-toxic right okay you have my hair
all in my face my fingers are covered in
it
my hair's gonna stick to me there he is
so fat and when your face looks ugly
okay let me black something
well it's are too chapped to make it
look too good well I have a small brush
up here
Thanks it's not good because they're not
the eyebrows off that makes them darker
it's just gonna I'm just gonna get
dirtier I should wait till it's over
right die no I'm doing out those
eyebrows stuff that makes it darker it's
not gonna make you god yes oh my oh my
guys are bushy enough and they don't
match but do you have any blue lipstick
perfect oh no no he went backwards and
you got it above your eyebrows in your
mirror you need to make thin eyebrows
nice
fixing up my eyebrows let me use the
blue eyeshadow maybe to my eyebrows
there's hair all over my brush you know
use my brush his hair but they're still
here over many years do we have any
eyebrows are you again it's perfect for
my eyebrows for you can't really tell
I got face paint all of them mullet oh I
didn't mean to
perfect with my hands your mess and it
goes all the makeup techniques nobody's
to put on a lot of mascara night are you
saying my lips it was weird all I've
gotten from you as a terrible job
there's nothing terrible uh-oh
well it looks better on camera than in
person I will say that no looks fabulous
schooling this okay no what's so first
thing you do is you put on your you put
it on your bottom lip and then you do
this and then you and then you kids not
gonna do that
how about my lips I think okay then fine
since the mirror your face although
stretched out my nose it's used this is
used I refuse I refuse revenues at the
end I refuse no Johnny why come on we're
not gonna let you but we're not gonna go
and buy you a brand new lipstick and
we'll never use it again come on mr.
Davis okay well he's not idea giving the
napkin thing one donut it's so easy to
just to apply it like it's normal
lipstick put on your bottom lip and then
oh okay okay then
we're gonna it was it on your cheese is
he doing this here yes show me Joel not
use it or not
you can blink with it or you know oh I
cannot become discussed right now you
look so pretty
Trevor a giant dab of mascara donut this
one here because if no one gets all
pointy it is eyes look at all see you
look like a goblin from you you're the
psycho
look you I mean you're cross-eyed oh my
oh no one really likes the mascara no I
need tons of mascara to the bottom
lashes too you can't if you want
No all right the mall you thought it was
messy Aaron it's a bowl even though I
was giant one I have a giant one of my
farm three moles I'm becoming bended
sadness has touched me and then you put
that on there and smile you smile like
real big and then you put it on the
little circling parts right there we go
up go up
yeah
bake a pizza bama except it kind of goes
more to the side and don't like dab it
on like it goes with the foundation
brush no it's like serious about it
makeup boobs oh yeah Emma looks like a
face now that we're done with the face
paint portion we're going to clean up
around us and put on our weights and
then the last part of the challenge is
us to do our best impression of the
character okay so now that we have our
wig then we have to our impressions of
the characters congratulations San
Francisco you ruined pizza' or I'm
telling you it's know some guy in here
that's not gonna work that's a bad idea
so don't forget to comment down below
who you think won maybe maybe USS path
or a
and don't forget to watch the movie
whenever it comes out on June 19th is an
awesome movie and I really enjoyed it
and you guys will too because it's
pretty awesome so thanks for watching um
this challenge video please comment
share scrap them that floppy goodbye you
to me see to my YouTube
he said don't forget to comment down
below what challenge you wants to do
next
do what you're gonna do to the smile
you're gonna see it through your wings
McConnell smile and you will learn to
fly
you